hey guys it's Kourtney Morin here a boy
a Chevrolet in Lindsay at the corner of
highway 7 and 35 and today I'm showing
you one of our 2014 Camaros 1lt this one
comes in black and has lots of cool
features you're gonna love it let's dive
right in
alright we're taking a look at the
interior it is a jet black interior we
have power windows power locks and power
mirrors here on the doors as well as
your Boston premium audio speaker that's
a premium sound system that's loaded
into this Camaro we have our power trunk
button here there's a button here on the
door and one on the key fob now the
front driver seat is powered you have
your premium cloth interior here very
durable and comfortable as well and you
have your 2 seater bench seat in the
back alright now part of this LT trim
you're going to get cool features like
the air conditioning with air filtration
system up front you have your power
windows with the Express up-and-down on
the front doors that's a really little
feature that you're gonna learn to love
and live without just that button to
keep your windows up and not having to
hold it the whole time so little things
that count right we have our leather
wrapped steering wheel and shifter keeps
everything a little bit luxurious and
comfortable we have our cruise control
here on the left as well as your audio
controls and your Bluetooth controls
here on the right now this is loaded
with a six speed automatic transmission
now what we have here is your top ships
manual shift controls on the steering
wheel we have the one here and there on
the left
you have your driver's information
center up here in between the
speedometers and what that's going to do
is show you lots of
things like your navigation your fuel
economy your tire pressure monitor about
pretty cool things this one's loaded
with know what that gives you is access
to the Bluetooth capabilities of music
streaming hands-free calling and of
course all of your entertainment
including the XM satellite radio that is
free to you for the first little bit of
your ownership this one's also outfitted
with the OnStar turn-by-turn navigation
system vehicles here on our lot so it's
exciting
we also AM and FM radio USB axillary
port in mp3 players hookups
throughout the interior we have some
storage down there your traction control
button give your two cupholders and you
have your storage compartment in here
with your exhilarate cord and your USB
cord outlets there alright let's take a
look outside all right here's another
look at the exterior now this one is
loaded up with a rally sport package now
that's gonna give you your 20 inch
aluminum wheels with the midnight silver
finish there nice wheels my friends adds
a lot to the curb appeal of this vehicle
you also get your high-intensity
discharge headlights at the front you
get your body colored roof ditch
moldings the rear spoiler is part of
that rally sport package as well as the
RS badging here at the front now like I
mentioned this does have a six-speed
automatic transmission and it boasts
that 3.6 liter v6 engine now you've got
things like limited slip differential
four-wheel antilock disc brakes and you
have your dual exhaust system with your
polish tips over at the back
this one does come with a remote vehicle
starter on the key fob and a power trunk
all right guys and there you have it
your 2014 Camaro LT coupe in black here
a Boyar Chevrolet in Lindsey it's
outfitted with that rally sport package
sitting on those 20-inch rims and this
one's not gonna last long in our lot
come on in de Bourgh Chevrolet Lindsey
at the corner of seven and 35 to take
this one for a test drive and see
everything that the Camaro has to offer